lightning: fix the behavior of "tidb.tls" (#17525)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

max-allowed-packet = 67_108_864

# Whether to use TLS for SQL connections. Valid values are:

> #  * ""            - force TLS (same as "cluster") if [tidb.security] section is populated, otherwise same as "false".
> #  * "false"       - same as "".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  - "": if the [tidb.security] section is populated, TLS is required (same as "cluster").
#  - "false": same behavior as "".
```

Author: - "": if the [tidb.security] section is populated, TLS is required (same as "cluster"). Otherwise, it will use an unencrypted connection.

> #  * "cluster"     - force TLS and verify the server's certificate with the CA specified in the [tidb.security] section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  - "cluster": TLS is required and verify the server's certificate with the CA specified in the [tidb.security] section.
```

> #  - "": if the [tidb.security] section is populated, TLS is required (same as "cluster"). Otherwise, it uses an unencrypted connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#  - "": if configuration items in the [tidb.security] section are configured, TiDB Lightning requires TLS for SQL connections (same behavior as "cluster"). Otherwise, it uses an unencrypted connection.
```

> #  - "cluster": TLS is required and verify the server's certificate with the CA specified in the [tidb.security] section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#  - "cluster": requires TLS and verifies the server's certificate with the CA specified in the [tidb.security] section.
```

> #  * "skip-verify" - force TLS but do not verify the server's certificate (insecure!). If the server does not support TLS, fallback to unencrypted connection.
> #  * "preferred"   - same as "skip-verify". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  - "skip-verify": TLS is required but do not verify the server's certificate (insecure). If the server does not support TLS, the connection falls back to an unencrypted state.
#  - "preferred": same behavior as "skip-verify".
```

> #  - "skip-verify": TLS is required but do not verify the server's certificate (insecure). If the server does not support TLS, the connection falls back to an unencrypted state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#  - "skip-verify": requires TLS but does not verify the server's certificate (insecure). If the server does not support TLS, the connection falls back to an unencrypted state.
```
